# ReactJS Messaging App

## Objectives

Create a single-page application with React that allows a user to:

1. View their contact list.
2. Select a contact.
3. Send that contact a message.

## Instructions

To run this application, simply pull the files and run 'npm start' from the command line.  You will then be able to access the application from localhost:3000.

Upon arriving at the webpage, you will need to enter a valid API token.  After doing so, you will be able to see a list of contacts.  Clicking on a contact will bring up a message box that allows you to create and send a message.

After sending a message, the application will indicate whether the POST request was successful or not.

## Approach & Functionality

This application is built around the two API requests that need to be made:

1. The request to get the list of contacts and their information.
2. The request to send a message to a given contact.

The first request was initially made as part of the componentDidMount lifecycle method.  However, this required that a valid API token be hardcoded into the application.  Since React is loaded client-side, the application asks the user to supply a valid API token in order to avoid jeopardizing a hardcoded token.

After the contact list is loaded, onClick attributes are assigned to each contact to prepare for clicks generated by the user.  The API token is saved in the component's state by this point, which allows a the request to be properly authorized.  Upon being clicked, the given contact's ID number (necessary to send any contact a message) is saved in the component's state as well.  After the message is written and the send button is clicked, the API token, contact ID number, and message body are all available and used to make the request.

After the POST request is made, the application resets the message-creating elements and returns to the contact list.

## Style

As this is a messaging application, it is styled to resemble an iPhone 6.  Through the use of absolute positioning and Photoshop, almost all elements of the page are found on what appears to be an iPhone 6's screen.
